com/example/projectapp/CityPrivateTransports.java
 com.example.projectapp.CityPrivateTransports
com/example/projectapp/databinding/RowTripBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.RowTripBinding
com/example/projectapp/RouteAllDetails.java
 com.example.projectapp.RouteAllDetails
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityShowTransportsBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityShowTransportsBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityTaxiprivateBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityTaxiprivateBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityCtFiltersBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityCtFiltersBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/DetailsBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.DetailsBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityRouteAllDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityRouteAllDetailsBinding
com/example/projectapp/CT_TripInfo.java
 com.example.projectapp.CT_TripInfo
com/example/projectapp/HelpPage.java
 com.example.projectapp.HelpPage
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityMapSelectLocation2Binding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityMapSelectLocation2Binding
com/example/projectapp/TripAdapter.java
 com.example.projectapp.TripAdapter
com/example/projectapp/Route.java
 com.example.projectapp.Route
com/example/projectapp/databinding/RowLocationBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.RowLocationBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityCityPrivateTransportsBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityCityPrivateTransportsBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityCtLocationsFiltersBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityCtLocationsFiltersBinding
com/example/projectapp/SavedRoutes.java
 com.example.projectapp.SavedRoutes
com/example/projectapp/Trip.java
 com.example.projectapp.Trip
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivitySavedRoutesBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivitySavedRoutesBinding
com/example/projectapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projectapp.BuildConfig
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityCtTripInfoBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityCtTripInfoBinding
com/example/projectapp/MapSelectLocation.java
 com.example.projectapp.MapSelectLocation
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityCtSearchResultsBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityCtSearchResultsBinding
com/example/projectapp/databinding/ActivityHelpPageBinding.java
 com.example.projectapp.databinding.ActivityHelpPageBinding
com/example/projectapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.projectapp.MainActivity
com/example/projectapp/CT_Locations.java
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations$1
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations$2
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations$3
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations$4
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Locations$5
com/example/projectapp/ShowTransports.java
 com.example.projectapp.ShowTransports
com/example/projectapp/taxiprivate.java
 com.example.projectapp.taxiprivate
com/example/projectapp/CT_SearchResults.java
 com.example.projectapp.CT_SearchResults
 com.example.projectapp.CT_SearchResults$1
com/example/projectapp/CT_Filters.java
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters$1
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters$1$1
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters$2
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters$2$1
 com.example.projectapp.CT_Filters$3
